Add link to Grafana Agent Configuration Generator. (#4525)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/_index.md

}
```

> ## Online configurator
> 
> Check out the [Grafana Agent Configuration Generator](https://grafana.github.io/agent-configurator/) to get a head start on creating
> flow code. Note that this is experimental and not all components are supported.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Grafana Agent configuration generator

The [Grafana Agent configuration generator](https://grafana.github.io/agent-configurator/) will help you get a head start on creating flow code.
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
This feature is experimental, and it does not support all River components.
{{% /admonition %}}

```
